document release process and add changelog (#35)
hashicorp/jsonapi: README.md

## Contributing

> If you find an issue with this package, please create an issue in GitHub. If you'd like, we welcome any contributions. Fork this repository and submit a pull request.

Reviewer: I think this flows a bit better
```suggestion
If you find an issue with this package, please create an issue in GitHub. We welcome any contributions, simply fork this repository and submit a pull request.
```

> If you are making relevant changes that is worth communicating to our users, please include a note about it in our CHANGELOG.md. Please include it as part of the PR where you are submitting your changes.

Reviewer: :nail_care:
```suggestion
If you are making relevant changes that is worth communicating to our users, please include a note about it in our CHANGELOG.md. You can include it as part of the PR where you are submitting your changes.
```
